USF-3949: SCP-4.8.18 and SCP-B2B-1.0.19 related mutations and queries updated (#553)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/schema/b2b/requisition-list/queries/index.md

---

> title: Requisition list (B2B) mutations   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Requisition list (B2B) queries
```

keywords:
  - B2B
---

import CommerceOnly from '/src/_includes/commerce-only.md'

<CommerceOnly />

# Requisition list (B2B) queries

> The B2B requisition list mutations allow you to perform the following operations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following query retrieves a shared requisition list
```

Delete line 15 and move line 16 to the left
